.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH scenario 1  "scenario "
.SH NAME
scenario \- Run a multi\-step scenario from a TOML file
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBscenario\fR <\fB\-\-scenario\fR> <\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-contract\fR> [\fB\-\-storage\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run a multi\-step scenario from a TOML file.
.PP
Scenario files may include shared step fragments from other TOML files using the
\fBinclude\fR key.  Included files are resolved relative to the directory that
contains the referencing file, processed recursively, and their steps are
prepended before the steps of the including file.  Circular includes are detected
and reported as errors.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-scenario\fR \fI<SCENARIO>\fR
Path to the scenario TOML file
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-contract\fR \fI<CONTRACT>\fR
Path to the contract WASM file
.TP
\fB\-\-storage\fR \fI<STORAGE>\fR
Initial storage state as JSON object
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.SH SCENARIO FILE FORMAT
A scenario TOML file contains an optional \fBinclude\fR array and a list of
\fB[[steps]]\fR entries.
.PP
.nf
# Optional: import shared setup steps from other files
include = ["shared/auth_setup.toml", "shared/bootstrap.toml"]

[[steps]]
name     = "Increment counter"
function = "increment"
args     = "[]"
expected_return = "I64(1)"
.fi
.PP
Each entry in \fBinclude\fR is a path relative to the directory of the current
file.  Includes are resolved depth\-first; the steps from included files appear
before the steps of the including file.
.SH CYCLE DETECTION
If file A includes file B and file B includes file A (directly or transitively),
the runner will report an error and abort rather than looping indefinitely.
